Fix the boilerplate for old generator and add a missing upgrade guide… (#6368)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

Please update your code to use the `pnpm` based setup.
```

### Update needed to project boilerplate generated with `@plone/generator-volto`

```{versionadded} Volto 18.0.0-alpha.42

> From this version, a new feature introduced a breaking change in the boilerplates created using `@plone/generator-volto` previous to version 9.0.0-alpha.17.

Reviewer: This sentence does not make sense to me because of the various versions implied but not explicitly stated. Is this what you mean?

```suggestion
Effective with Volto 18.0.0-alpha.42, a new feature introduced a breaking change in the boilerplates created using `@plone/generator-volto` 9.0.0-alpha.17 and earlier.
```

```

> This is the change that you need to introduce in your `razzle.config.js` file in the root of your boilerplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to change your {file}`razzle.config.js` file in the root of your boilerplate.
```
